Add cuSignal license (#7816)
cupy/cupy: docs/source/license.rst

CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

cuSignal
--------

> Some of CuPy's source code and documents are ported from cuSignal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Part of CuPy's signal processing routines and their documentation are ported from `RAPIDS cuSignal <https://github.com/rapidsai/cusignal>`_.
```
